Components: update dragging events (#5321)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDraggable/1 Configuration/onDragMove.md

#include common-ref-eventparam

##### field(e.fromComponent): dxSortable | dxDraggable
The instance of the item's source UI component. Works only for dragging between components.

##### field(e.fromData): any
Custom [data](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DraggableBase/1%20Configuration/data.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#data') associated with the source UI component. Works only for dragging between components.

##### field(e.itemData): any

> The item's data before dragging. Note that you should specify the item data manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The item's data before the drag operation. Note that you should specify the item data manually.
```
